In the context of JPA (Java Persistence API) and entities, persistence refers
to the ability to store and retrieve Java objects (entities) in a relational database.

Here's a breakdown:

Java Persistence API (JPA): JPA is a Java specification for managing relational
 data in Java applications. It provides a set of interfaces and annotations for
 mapping Java objects to relational database tables and vice versa. JPA implementations,
  such as Hibernate, EclipseLink, or OpenJPA, provide concrete implementations of these
   specifications.
Entities: In JPA, an entity is a Java class that represents a table in a relational
database. Each instance of an entity class corresponds to a row in the database table.
 Entities typically have fields that represent columns in the database table, and they
  are annotated with JPA annotations to specify how they are mapped to the database schema.
Persistence: Persistence, in the context of JPA, refers to the ability to persist (store)
 entity objects to a database and retrieve them back. JPA provides mechanisms for performing
  CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations on entities, allowing developers to
  interact with the database using Java objects rather than writing SQL queries directly.
Persistence Context: The persistence context is a concept in JPA that represents the
collection of all managed entity instances that are currently associated with a particular
JPA EntityManager. The persistence context manages the state of these entities, tracks
changes made to them, and ensures that these changes are synchronized with the database
when necessary.
Entity Manager: The EntityManager is the primary interface through which JPA provides
access to the persistence context and allows developers to interact with entities. It
provides methods for persisting, querying, updating, and deleting entities, as well as
managing transactions and caching.
Overall, persistence in the context of JPA enables Java developers to work with
relational databases using object-oriented paradigms, allowing for more natural and
intuitive data access and manipulation.

THIS IS THE DEPENDENCY FOR H2 SERVLET ACCESS
<dependency>
    <groupId>javax.xml.bind</groupId>
    <artifactId>jaxb-api</artifactId>
    <version>2.3.1</version> <!-- Or any other version compatible with your project -->
</dependency>





